My Little Pony My Little Pony the apple
of most farmers eyes Applejack is one
hard-working ponies dependable and
down-to-earth she isn't afraid of
jumping in with all hooves and getting
the job done a real problem solver and
incredibly honest she is the go-to pony
for advice charming to the core is but
the girl is a friend indeed
My Little Pony My Little Pony friend to
the forest mutter shy is the gentle
soft-spoken member of the group we and
Harry she makes plenty of space singer
tucked away cottage for helping anyone
in need of her love and care especially
her little animal friends but don't be
fooled
although she is timid she is a
determined pony with admirable strength
she always defends those who are treated
unfairly with an enormous heart and the
ability to fly this Pegasus Pony is a
gentle soul who always rises to the
occasion and is always paired with the
friends nature
My Little Pony My Little Pony Pinkie Pie
keeps her Pony friends laughing and
smiling all day
she believes every day is worth
celebrating and loves to throw parties
with the pony brains the only thing
Pinkie Pie loves as much as her friends
and parties aren't sweets
she loves to visit the sugar food sweets
shop she is always positive and always
helps the ponies see the bright side you
can count on Pinkie Pie for lots and
lots of fun
My Little Pony My Little Pony this
magnificent princess pony is the ruler
of Equestria
Princess Celestia is the most magical
pony she's responsible for raising the
Sun and the moon to create light and
darkness in Equestria she is the only
Pony with a unicorn's horn and Pegasus
weight wise and kind she is a mentor to
Twilight Sparkle all of the ponies look
up to her and depend on her son say she
is so wise because she is over 1,000
years
My Little Pony My Little Pony finding
another unicorn pony as beautiful as she
would be a rarity for sure this talented
fashionista almost always son says that
she loves every minute of it she dreams
of one day designing a beautiful dress
for Princess Celestia until then she
continues to prance around Ponyville
like the belle of the ball
this pretty pony is just as beautiful on
the inside as she is on the outside and
is generous and caring as she is
talented she loves to help her friends
look and feel their best
My Little Pony My Little Pony huh
meet Twilight Sparkle she loves to read
and study the Royal Princess Celestia of
Equestria has charged Twilight Sparkle
with learning something new the meaning
of friendship she has a powerful gift
for magical spells and uses it to lead
her new friends through adventures in
Ponyville there's no problem Twilight
Sparkle can't solve especially with the
help of other ponies a little bit of
magic and guidance for Princess Celestia
you